About me

Satishkumar L Varma has been awarded Ph.D degree in CSE under the guidance of Dr. S N Talbar from SGGS IE & T, SRTMU, Nanded, India in March 2013. He received B. Tech and M. Tech degrees in Computer Engineering from DBATU, Lonere, India in Jun 2000 and Jan 2004 respectively. He has over 24 years of academic experience. He is currently employed as Associate Professor, Department of Information Technology at Dwarkadas J. Sanghvi College of Engineering, Vile Parle. He is recognized as Teacher of University of Mumbai in ME and Ph.D Degree in Computer Engineering and Information Technology. He has guided 23 PG students and 2 PhD students. Currently, 2 PhD research scholars in CS and 2 PhD research scholars in IT are working under his supervision. He has worked as Professor & Head, Department of Information Technology at Pillai College of Engineering (Autonomous), New Panvel, affiliated to University of Mumbai. He has worked as an Assistant Professor & Head, Department of Information Technology at DBIT, Kurla, Mumbai. He has received and successfully executed 6 funded projects worth INR 15.56 Lakhs. With 7 copyrights and 3 patents published/ under examination, he has published 10 Book Chapters, 17 Scopus, SCI, WoS, UGC Care list Journal papers and more than 40 papers in referred National as well as International Conferences including IEEE, ACM, Elsevier, Springer, CRC Press - Taylor & Francis, Atlantis Press and IET with a second best paper award at National level paper presentation competition in Threshold–2000. With few important interaction with outside world, he has delivered 31 invited talks in STTP/ FDP/ Workshops/ Seminars/ Webinars on Image Processing, Deep Learning, Object Oriented Analysis and Design, MATLAB, Scilab, Hadoop, LaTeX, Android, Python, R, Google Scripts and Google Docs. He has coordinated 17 and attended 77 STTP/ FDP/ Workshops/ Seminars/ Webinars. He is a member of technical professional society in Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Indian Society for Technical Education (ISTE), and Computer Society of India (CSI). His research activities involve Digital Image and Video Processing, Medical Image Processing, Soft Computing, Neural Network and Deep Learning, Data Science, Data Mining and Information Retrieval.
